Updated Deus ex Machina and Setup (#785)
RoboCupAtHome/RuleBook: Setup.tex

	\item \textbf{Objects:} The delegation of EC, TC, OC and local organizers will buy the objects (see~\refsec{rule:scenario_objects}). Note, however, that the objects may not be available at all times and not from the beginning of the \iterm{Setup \& Preparation}.
\end{enumerate}

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%
% This Welcome Reception was suggested by the EC but it is not a technical aspect

> % It is still open for the TC to get it back is the EC strongly request it

Reviewer: Lets add a timestamp so we know when this decision was made
```suggestion
% It is left commented for the TC to get it back is the EC strongly request it. 2023
```
